#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.7
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.38.27
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.38.27
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
duplocloud-client==0.2.52
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.63
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.6
    # via langchain-community
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tk==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.3
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
matplotlib==3.9

pytest==8.0